I tell you gentlemen
science is agreed that unless something
is done and done quickly man as the
dominant species of life on earth would
be extinct within a year
a direction of the President of the
United States stay in your homes I
repeat stay in your homes your personal
safety the safety of the entire city
depends upon your full cooperation with
the military authorities yes cities
nations even civilization itself
threatened with anihilation because in
one moment of history-making violence
nature mad rampant wrought its most
awesome creation for born in that
swirling inferno of radioactive dust
were things so horrible so terrifying so
hideous there is no word to describe
them
we may be witnesses to a Biblical
prophecy come true and thus will be
destruction and darkness come upon
creation and the Beast shall reign over
the earth yes they are the skies above
and the Seas below infested by swarms of
nightmare creatures crueler deadlier
than the armored giants of prehistoric
eras here is a wild headlong flight into
terror as the desert erupts with the
grim battle for survival
here is a fear frenzied moment of
suspense as mankind totters before a
thing that multiplies faster than it can
be cured
here is a desperate plunge into the
black depths of the earth where human
courage challenges the brute force the
slicing jaws the poison fangs that guard
the subterranean nest where the Beast
spawns it's terrible progeny all units
all units condition red green 2 6 7 is
the target area repeat condition red
drained 2 6 7 is a target area
guess we could use ricotta to test might
poison the whole city